org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/Hanga/Calibrare_strage.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.Hanga.Calibrare_strage
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/TrackWidthTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.TrackWidthTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/trajectorysequence/sequencesegment/WaitSegment.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.sequencesegment.WaitSegment
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/BackAndForth.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.BackAndForth
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/MotorDirectionDebugger.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.MotorDirectionDebugger
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/HackGoogle/teleOp.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.HackGoogle.teleOp
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/OldFuck/MickeyMouse.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.OldFuck.MickeyMouse
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/MaxAngularVeloTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.MaxAngularVeloTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/HackGoogle/Te_ai_dus_muiu/Red/Mustar_de_Tecuci.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.HackGoogle.Te_ai_dus_muiu.Red.Mustar_de_Tecuci
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/trajectorysequence/sequencesegment/TrajectorySegment.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.sequencesegment.TrajectorySegment
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/trajectorysequence/TrajectorySequenceBuilder.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.TrajectorySequenceBuilder
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.TrajectorySequenceBuilder$1ComparingPoints
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.TrajectorySequenceBuilder$AddPathCallback
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/trajectorysequence/TrajectorySequenceRunner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.TrajectorySequenceRunner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/Hanga/Tehehe_autonom.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.Hanga.Tehehe_autonom
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/StraightTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.StraightTest
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/LocalizareThobor.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.LocalizareThobor
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/util/BNO055IMUUtil.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.BNO055IMUUtil
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/Hanga/SchemCorectie.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.Hanga.SchemCorectie
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/TrackingWheelForwardOffsetTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.TrackingWheelForwardOffsetTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/util/LynxModuleUtil.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.LynxModuleUtil
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.LynxModuleUtil$LynxFirmwareVersion
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.LynxModuleUtil$LynxFirmwareVersionException
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/util/Encoder.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.Encoder
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.Encoder$Direction
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/HackGoogle/Te_ai_dus_muiu/Blue/PantelimonDarPeAlbastru.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.HackGoogle.Te_ai_dus_muiu.Blue.PantelimonDarPeAlbastru
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/SampleMecanumDrive.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.SampleMecanumDrive
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/trajectorysequence/sequencesegment/TurnSegment.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.sequencesegment.TurnSegment
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/SplineTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.SplineTest
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/StandardTrackingWheelLocalizer.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.StandardTrackingWheelLocalizer
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/TeleOP_Autonom.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.TeleOP_Autonom
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.TeleOP_Autonom$1
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.TeleOP_Autonom$Mode
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/HackGoogle/AJUTOR.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.HackGoogle.AJUTOR
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/SampleTankDrive.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.SampleTankDrive
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/DriveConstants.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.DriveConstants
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/HackGoogle/NuUmbla.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.HackGoogle.NuUmbla
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/HackGoogle/Teleop_BMW.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.HackGoogle.Teleop_BMW
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/TwoWheelTrackingLocalizer.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.TwoWheelTrackingLocalizer
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/FollowerPIDTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.FollowerPIDTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/DriveVelocityPIDTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.DriveVelocityPIDTuner
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.DriveVelocityPIDTuner$1
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.DriveVelocityPIDTuner$Mode
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/HackGoogle/Te_ai_dus_muiu/Red/Mata_mata.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.HackGoogle.Te_ai_dus_muiu.Red.Mata_mata
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/AutomaticFeedforwardTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.AutomaticFeedforwardTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/ThoborVARS.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.ThoborVARS
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/TurnTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.TurnTest
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/util/RegressionUtil.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.RegressionUtil
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.RegressionUtil$AccelResult
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.RegressionUtil$RampResult
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/HackGoogle/Te_ai_dus_muiu/Red/Mare_Coca_Cola.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.HackGoogle.Te_ai_dus_muiu.Red.Mare_Coca_Cola
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/HackGoogle/Te_ai_dus_muiu/Blue/BileteNolan.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.HackGoogle.Te_ai_dus_muiu.Blue.BileteNolan
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/OldFuck/MicunealtaSecretaRedRight.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.OldFuck.MicunealtaSecretaRedRight
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/trajectorysequence/EmptySequenceException.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.EmptySequenceException
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/Hanga/Autonom_gyro_tehehe.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.Hanga.Autonom_gyro_tehehe
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/TrackingWheelLateralDistanceTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.TrackingWheelLateralDistanceTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/trajectorysequence/TrajectorySequence.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.TrajectorySequence
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/util/AssetsTrajectoryManager.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.AssetsTrajectoryManager
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/ManualFeedforwardTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.ManualFeedforwardTuner
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.ManualFeedforwardTuner$1
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.ManualFeedforwardTuner$Mode
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/TELEOP_DEBUG.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.TELEOP_DEBUG
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/util/LoggingUtil.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.LoggingUtil
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/util/AxesSigns.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.AxesSigns
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/HackGoogle/Te_ai_dus_muiu/Blue/CaloriferulAlaBlana.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.HackGoogle.Te_ai_dus_muiu.Blue.CaloriferulAlaBlana
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/LocalizationTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.LocalizationTest
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/HackGoogle/Te_ai_dus_muiu/Red/Pantelimon.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.HackGoogle.Te_ai_dus_muiu.Red.Pantelimon
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/Hanga/Calibrare.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.Hanga.Calibrare
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/Hanga/tehehe.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.Hanga.tehehe
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/trajectorysequence/sequencesegment/SequenceSegment.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.sequencesegment.SequenceSegment
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/MaxVelocityTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.MaxVelocityTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/HackGoogle/Te_ai_dus_muiu/Blue/AminSiDoamneAjuta.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.HackGoogle.Te_ai_dus_muiu.Blue.AminSiDoamneAjuta
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/StrafeTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.StrafeTest
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/BuildConfig.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.BuildConfig
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/util/DashboardUtil.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.DashboardUtil
